Joba the given ensures there's no
sleeping in at paper zoo the public are
at the gates and it's another working
day for all the staff except for one
each year the zoo sends one lucky keeper
overseas to study animals in the wild
and this year it's Jay the big cat
keeper African sky couldn't smoke so I'm
gonna light up in a minute and put my
shades on Africa at last after all the
weeks of preparation and I think it
first stops gonna be chipping golly
animal orphanage can't wait off we go
until today Jay had only been abroad
once on a day trip to Belgium for a beer
festival now he's over 5,000 miles from
home in Zimbabwe where for the first
time he's coming face-to-face with
animals in the wild
his first stop is chippin gali a home
for orphaned wildlife that takes in
injured animals and protect species
threatened by hunters director Kevin
Wilson plans to put Jays 14 years
experience as a keeper to good use
starting at the cheetah enclosure we'll
take the animals they'll go in the
corridor and put them into a squeeze
cage and then if you can help us we'll
give them a cat flu vaccine a rabies jab
and then we will then spray them for the
fleas squeeze us jason says she'll try
and turn a bit that's it's okay you know
things that I know about but learning
more I would already know
next job to feed the three-month-old
baby rhino we want to take you home
rhinos love the soft areas of flesh
being rather behind the ears and the
inside of the legs the white rhinos are
painted well Mickey more so than Gracie
you do this to him and he goes a bit
funny as well they certainly appreciate
being first if they trust you oh you got
all funny now you got all funny first
for natural reaction in it which I've
even got a big horn okay okay little
fella
run around